Add clarifying paragraph to One-Step Migration (#918)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/canton/usermanual/upgrading.rst

One-Step Migration
------------------

The term *one-step migration* refers to upgrading the Canton binary version

> *and* the protocol version with a unified, well-tested, multi-step recipe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*and* the protocol version with a unified multi-step recipe.
```

I feel like 'well-tested' should go without saying?

> *One-step migrations* cover a :ref:`binary upgrade <upgrade_canton_binary>` from Canton version 2.3 and following minor versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*One-step migration* covers a :ref:`binary upgrade <upgrade_canton_binary>` from Canton version 2.3 and following minor versions
```

    tests, and its steps are known to work, additional measures and configuration may be required to
    address the peculiarities of your environment.

> Migration Recipe for 2.10

Reviewer 2: I am unsure about this change:

- Text above (line 777) stills mentions "One-step", so we should be consistent.
- Also, this precision is important. We usually have two kind of migrations: replacing the binary and doing an hard domain migration. The "one-step" here implies that we are doing both at the same time, which is relevant information. Maybe we could rephrase but I am unsure that dropping completely is good.

Author: Thanks for the clarification! 🤔

Author: @rgugliel-da, I have reverted the change to the heading and added a very explicit definition of "one-step migration."  This might help avoid the confusion that Michelle and I had on the topic.

Does this look ok?

Reviewer 2: Yep, thanks!
